I did nothing in the end.
Will I be scolded?
You worked too hard compared to me.
Oh, man.
So pitiful.
Shall I let you rest easy now?
Good job.
You're just a human. Don't act recklessly.
I'll kill you.
You're so annoying.
I just want to help him.
Curses can't understand my kindness?
So where are the goods?
I got them.
Special Grade Cursed Relic, Ryomen Sukuna.
Jujutsu High School has six fingers.
Another Special Grade Cursed Relic,
Cursed Womb, Death Paintings.
Number one to three.
Most of the shrines in Jujutsu High School
are just disguises.
The setting changes every day
according to Tengen's barrier techniques.
Among thousands of doors,
only one leads to the vault
where highly dangerous cursed objects
like Sukuna's fingers are kept.
Only Tengen knows which door
leads to the vault on that day.
No one should hinder you.
Who is Tengen?
A Jujutsu Sorcerer with immortality
as his cursed technique.
Immortality?
Compared to Satoru Gojo, who is stronger?
He has eternal life,
but he will continue to age.
Just treat him like a tree.
Besides opening the barrier,
he hardly interferes with the world.
You don't have to bother about him.
When we let Jujutsu High School
collect the finger back then,
I placed a talisman created by
Mahito's cursed energy on it first.
I placed it
on the first layer of the seal.
It won't peel off.
You can find it easily.
Are there any guards?
From the entrance to the vault,
there are two followers of Tengen.
They are small fries.
Forget them.
Before the Veil is lifted,
I hope you can eliminate Jujutsu Sorcerers
who are on standby as quietly as possible.
I want to ease Hanami's burden.
Sure.
Why don't we seal Satoru Gojo
inside the Veil?
I don't want him to focus on Mahito,
which is our main goal.
Besides, I can't test the Veil
if he doesn't use his full strength.
Trapping the students is the easiest way.
Everyone except Sukuna's vessel
can be killed?
Yes, but I don't recommend it.
What?
Sukuna's behavior is quite different
from what I imagined.
This is just my guess,
but I'm afraid some students there
might be landmines for Sukuna.
If we step on the landmines,
the worst-case scenario is that
this mission will be in vain.
Can't we just kidnap Itadori first?
He's quite useful anyway.
No way. Itadori…
Sukuna himself is a time-bomb,
for us and Jujutsu High School.
I want to wait until the chaos
worsens to provoke him.
October 31st, Shibuya.
In order to seal Satoru Gojo,
we must keep the things
that are useful first.
A few Curse Users will tag along.
You can abandon Juzo Kumiya.
He's not the kind
who will follow through with the plan.
He'll hinder us in the future.
Someone else will observe
the test results of the Veil.
Get along well with them.
He asked us to get along well, Jogo.
I won't be going anyway.
Come on. Wake up, Hanami.
Let's go back.
-Mahito.
-What?
It's stressful for curses
to quell their killing intent.
You're sounding more like a Cursed Spirit.
KYOTO JUJUTSU HIGH SCHOOL
Next up will be casualties.
Three Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerers,
one Semi-Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer,
five supervisors,
and two treasury guards.
They are the Jujutsu Sorcerers on standby
working separately
under Mr. Gojo and Principal Yaga.
Although we're still waiting
for Ms. Ieiri's report,
we're positive that it's done by
the Cursed Spirit that
Mr. Nanami encountered previously.
Damn it.
Should we let the students and other
Jujutsu Sorcerers know about this?
No.
Limit this news among the superiors.
I don't want the Curse Users
to know about the missing
Special Grade Cursed Relics.
Did the Curse User say anything?
Well…
Although he can't keep a secret,
he didn't provide any useful information.
Regarding this attack,
he said he was just following his orders.
I just wanted to make a clothing rack.
I don't know the monk's name.
I don't even know its gender.
It's a kid with a bob cut and white hair.
A monk child with an unknown gender
and a bob cut?
Any clues?
No.
I guess he made it up.
Do we have anyone
skilled at making people confess?
Why were curses and outsiders able to
sneak past Master Tengen's barrier?
I believe it's due
to that Special Grade Cursed Spirit
who fought with the students.
That Cursed Spirit has a special aura.
It's a Cursed Spirit,
but close to a spirit.
According to Aoi, that guy seems
to be able to submerge into plants.
Master Tengen's barrier
is ineffective against plants, right?
His barrier was designed
to hide rather than protect.
It will be weak once infiltrated.
Are they afraid that Sukuna's finger
will strengthen Yuji's potential?
Or did they do that
to strengthen themselves?
It doesn't make any sense.
Anyway, let's be glad
that the students are safe.
But the Sister-School
Goodwill Event must be canceled.
Wait a minute. It's not for us to decide.
-What?
When did you become
good friends with that gorilla?
No, we're not really good friends, but…
Although I do have some memories of it,
it felt like I wasn't exactly myself.
What are you talking about?
Were you drunk?
Do you think I can drink
in that situation?
That's shocking.
Fortunately, Fushiguro's injuries
were not serious.
He can even eat pizza.
No, please bring food
that are easy to digest.
Don't complain.
At that time, it seemed better that
my cursed energy was almost used up.
After the roots were removed,
Ms. Ieiri was able to treat my wounds.
Is that so?
So things like that can happen.
Didn't you fight with that Cursed Spirit?
Itadori.
What?
You've gotten stronger.
Back then…
We talked about our own truths.
We both might have been right.
But on the other hand, we're both wrong.
What?
Some questions have no answers, right?
Don't think too much.
You'll get bald.
That's right. There's no answer at all.
Now it all depends on
whether or not we can accept it.
You can't accept it
when you have no sense of self.
A weak Jujutsu Sorcerer
has no sense of self.
I'll get stronger too.
I will surpass you soon.
You are still the same.
Don't talk among yourselves.
This is what I expect
from my brother's friends.
Where are you going, brother?
I'm very grateful to you,
but please let me go!
I was feeling abnormal at that time!
What are you talking about?
You were like that since middle school!
We're not from the same middle school!
CURSE
Hello, I'm the useless Miwa.
I said I'm useless,
but I don't think I'm that useless.
But when a Special Grade
Cursed Spirit attacked us
and everyone was fighting hard,
I was sound asleep.
So I can't say anything.
Also…
Who broke my katana?
Mai's sister?
Many things have happened, and I thought
the Goodwill Event would be canceled.
However, after a day off,
we're now…
The game starts now!
…playing baseball!
ONE DAY AGO
So…
Many things happened,
and some people died.
What do you want to do?
Continue the Goodwill Event?
When you put it like that…
Of course…
We should continue.
Todo…
Why?
First, mourning is only for those
close to the people who have passed away.
That's not our concern.
Second, since people have died,
all the more reason
we should get stronger.
Strength is built based on
the accumulation of results.
Either suffer the defeat
or taste the victory.
That is how we grow.
Results are important
since they are physical proof!
I didn't expect Senior Todo
to be so serious.
He's seriously crazy.
Third, the feeling of
not finishing up things in school
will make you regret it for a lifetime.
How old are you?
I don't really mind.
We will win anyway.
It's ridiculous, but it makes sense.
You should just rest, Kamo.
I have no objection.
Salmon.
Do we decide the individual battles
by drawing lots?
What?
There are no individual battles this year.
The principals of both schools
will propose their own methods of dueling.
Each method takes one day,
so that's two days in total.
And that's the official consensus.
We have group battles on the first day,
and individual battles on the second.
It's always been like this.
Salmon.
I hate to follow a fixed routine.
Every year, the team events
are put in a box and opened on the day.
When Principal Gakuganji held the meeting,
he only confirmed
what was needed for the day.
BASEBALL
What?
-What?
-Oh, my!
-Baseball?
-You're here too?
What's this, Yaga?
No, I'm sure that
I wrote "individual battles."
Wait a minute, Satoru!
CURSE
KASUMI MIWA, SECOND BASEMAN
It's a pop fly!
Nishimiya, don't run first!
Out.
Why?
Just say it if you don't know the rules!
I know the rules!
I run when I hit the ball, right?
Sacrifice fly? What's that?
A new torture method?
You simpleminded fool!
NORITOSHI KAMO, THIRD BASEMAN
I heard that you repelled
the Special Grade.
What?
No, it's all thanks to Todo and Mr. Gojo.
Are you playing with no helmet?
Itadori, why do you want
to be a Jujutsu Sorcerer?
At first, it just happened.
I'm afraid of loneliness,
and I want to help many people.
When I die, I hope many people
will come and pay their last respects.
If Mother is not here,
I don't want to be a Jujutsu Sorcerer!
You're talented, Noritoshi.
You can help many people.
The more people you help,
the more people will acknowledge you.
This way, all kinds of people
will come to help you.
You won't be alone anymore.
When you become a great Jujutsu Sorcerer,
come and pick me up.
I see.
This is a good reason.
Strike! Batter out, change!
Kamo, the ball is not going to hit itself!
TEAM KYOTO: 0
They call me Tohoku's Maakun!
Tohoku's Maakun
is Masahiro Tanaka himself.
-Maakun is a pitcher!
-Bonito flakes!
What?
MECHAMARU
Wait a minute!
Kugisaki is mad. A fight's breaking out!
That's a pitching machine!
What are you talking about?
That's the spare Mechamaru.
Panda broke him the other day.
Of course, we have to use this.
Pitching machine?
I don't know what that is.
Are you familiar with machines?
Are you a geek?
How dare you keep blabbering…
You're a high school student, right?
Bring it! I'll take you on!
She's on the base.
She's really desperate.
MEGUMI FUSHIGURO, OUTFIELDER
Out.
PANDA, FIRST BASEMAN
HOPES TO BEAT UP ZEBRAS ONE DAY
MAKI ZENIN, PITCHER
Damn it.
MECHAMARU
Gosh!
All right, three points.
-That's cheating!
-Bonito flakes!
Kugisaki, come back.
DUE TO LACK OF PLAYERS,
AN OUTFIELDER MAY USE CURSED TECHNIQUE
KYOTO
TOKYO
Catcher, huh?
You receive, pass, read the game,
do fielding, and many more.
It's the perfect position
for you, brother.
But I hope to go head-to-head
with you as the pitcher.
Todo.
You can just be the pitcher.
No.
Only Mechamaru can be the pitcher now.
Promise me, brother.
If I hit a home run here,
it's your turn next to--
DID IT ON PURPOSE
Todo! Pull yourself together!
Nice pitch.
-Nice pitch.
-Maki, nice pitch.
-Todo.
-Nice pitch.
-Everyone…
-They hate you so much.
-Nice pitch.
Do you still hate Itadori?
It's not about hate or love.
According to sorcery rules,
Itadori's existence is forbidden.
He's still alive
because of Gojo's stubbornness.
You shouldn't distort the rules
because of an individual.
Not to mention that Itadori
being alive may cause more deaths.
But it's also true
that he has saved lives.
This time, he cooperated with Todo
to repel the Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
Although such things
are not limited to students,
Itadori will experience
a lot of regrets in the future.
"I should have done that."
"I wish they had done that."
"I should have said that."
"I wish they had said that."
Honestly, I don't know
if the decision on Itadori was right.
But can't we just watch over him for now?
Hey.
He got on base!
Inumaki is fast.
Salted fish roe.
Mai! Miwa!
Be careful of stolen base!
Let's save our regrets…
for later.
We got in.
All right!
30TH SISTER-SCHOOL GOODWILL EVENT
2ND DAY, BASEBALL
TOKYO SCHOOL WINS, 2-0
What?
Yaga, think of a way
to deal with Gojo first.
-Juju Stroll.
-Salmon.
DO YOU PREFER RICE OR BREAD?
Rice? No, I like bread too.
Wait a minute.
Are the ingredients pollack roe?
Rice.
I think it's rice.
What? I would definitely choose bread.
Salted rice balls.
I'm a panda! Of course, I choose bread!
Do you want to get killed?
Was that…
a little far-fetched?
He ran out of jokes.
Time to go back.